Rebecca Antoinette Evans: The morning
Ken Olsen: Or whatever.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It is afternoon, but it still feels like morning to me. I don't know.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: How you doing,
Ken Olsen: On the
Ken Olsen: Corner clinic free to appointments already. I'm like, my next one at 115
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh perfect, and how are they going
Ken Olsen: Good, good. I had one it will when they called it a nuclear test and I had the
Ken Olsen: Where they put that thing on your heart and I could see it like we are pregnant. One of those
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Ultrasound yeah
Ken Olsen: And then I know I have to talk to the doctor on his way around. Actually, I haven't done it all into lunch.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: They probably did. That's probably why they scheduled. The after one
Day.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: How Was Your Week.
Ken Olsen: Okay, good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I mean, everything is going smoothly.
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, good. Are you still staying connected throughout being quarantined at home.
Ken Olsen: You know everything's closed down far as that goes. And
Ken Olsen: They have a meeting online, but it's, you know,
Ken Olsen: Their liver there okay but they're on a weekend so far.
Ken Olsen: So I just been trying to keep them busy.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay I any struggles
Ken Olsen: Now,
Ken Olsen: I gotta go. Well, I guess. Okay.
Ken Olsen: To be here.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, I think that's it. That's definitely a good mindset to be in, you know, you're
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Definitely
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: staying connected with your sponsor. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, any, any triggers or
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Issues this week.
Ken Olsen: No. No, really.
Ken Olsen: Patient I have a lawyer has my paddling my
Ken Olsen: Organs calm claim and it's been almost a year and a half now. I'm getting a little impatient, but I just have to wait.
Ken Olsen: So I'm just waiting.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Waiting to win. I mean, how long does it usually take
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That seems like a
Ken Olsen: Long time. Oh yeah, I know.
Ken Olsen: I left him a message yesterday, just saying I you know say hey there's so I called the say hello. You know, whenever he just told me, you know, be patient, something will happen soon, I guess, you know,
Ken Olsen: So,
Ken Olsen: Yeah, that's the only thing you really bugging me right now.
Ken Olsen: But that's been bugging me forever so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah i don't i don't blame me.
Ken Olsen: I'm patient, though, you know, the whole thing stinks. You know, I, I hate the fact that I even had to file a claim, but
Ken Olsen: I did because my knee my knee surgery and
Ken Olsen: So it was October, a year and a half ago.
Ken Olsen: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And it's because it correct me from wrong refresh my memory. It happened at work. Yeah. Okay. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: A year and a half. I mean, if you're out of work for that amount of time are you supposed to survive.
Ken Olsen: Well, I'm staying at home, my dad, my mom passed away.
Ken Olsen: So,
Ken Olsen: I'm posting again some like da kind of stuff coming in.
Ken Olsen: Yeah, so like I said I really can't complain. I got a roof over my head. You know,
Ken Olsen: Stuff like that. So just taking care of me.
Ken Olsen: It's the other way around. Now,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's okay, it's great that you have him and that he's available to be able to do that right
Ken Olsen: Yeah yeah you know he's a retired military he said he's got a good pension or whatever you call it.
Ken Olsen: Is an orange thing too, and
Ken Olsen: Well, you can't complain.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Good.
We go.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: How's everything going as far as your group goes on your treatment like right heart so far.
Ken Olsen: You know what, I missed a meeting yesterday and
Ken Olsen: One of the things. So, and then all my numbers that are released on my phone somehow from ID numbers because that's why it took me so long to get back on here. As I recall, bright heart and get the path that ID number, and everything. And I don't know I refill my ID numbers, but I did.
Ken Olsen: But everything. Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: No problem. Did you call the call in and let them know you know that
Ken Olsen: We're getting crossed my mind. You know, I didn't realize to like maybe five or six and I looked at my calendar. Oh my gosh, you know, I missed a meeting.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What doctor do you work with
Ken Olsen: Big
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Cake. Okay. And is he prescribing medication.
Ken Olsen: Yeah, but I don't need to take it that no took zone or some
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh, okay.
Ken Olsen: And I took a urine test yesterday.
Ken Olsen: She so it's funny. I actually did the urine test yesterday I went to the meeting. I totally spaced the meeting.
Ken Olsen: And
Ken Olsen: I put the bottle up to the screen and everything. And they took pictures, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Ken Olsen: Well, I did that yesterday that I space. The meeting so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, I'll reach out to dr fig and let him know that you came today. And, you know, just let them know that you brought up the fact that you missed the meeting and that
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Correct me if I'm wrong and that you'll be there next week, for sure.
Ken Olsen: Next week. Yeah, I'm gonna make sure
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, I'll let him know that way you know he doesn't get the impression that you've just forgot, and are spaced it or is it coming, or whatever.
Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And everything's going good with you.
Ken Olsen: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, good, good, good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Anything that you need to talk about
Ken Olsen: I think pretty much covered it as want to get out of here.
Ken Olsen: Get out of the hospital. I've been here since nine o'clock.
Ken Olsen: Oh,
Ken Olsen: No big deal. I mean, I'm just, I'm all right.
Ken Olsen: I took my blood pressure and it was 100 over 70. They're like, man.
Ken Olsen: So I'm you know I'm pretty relaxed and taking that blood pressure medication. I guess it kind of relaxes me, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh, good. Yeah. Did they say that it might have to be adjusted or something. I mean, that seems kind of high
Ken Olsen: 900 over 70
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Is it
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh, no.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's low. Sorry, I thought you said
Ken Olsen: 170 100 over seven
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh, okay, why
Ken Olsen: I just took a bunch of medication. This morning, so I'm pretty sure that has to do with it.
Ken Olsen: Yeah, I'm taking blood pressure medication.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, and you're staying consistent with your medical, of course, you're staying. Can I felt once I started saying that sentence. I was like, why am I even asking him. I mean, because you've been pretty on top of everything since all of this happen so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Anything in in your recovery that isn't quite working that you need to change.
Ken Olsen: That process. You know, I'm thinking I can have a glass of wine and, you know, I'm looking at you know what's a good wine to drink when you have a heart attack. Shit. I don't know what you know.
Ken Olsen: I had too much free time on the one
Ken Olsen: I don't, I'm not gonna drink anymore. I just, yeah. And when my mind my mind plays tricks on me. Just look at, you know, maybe you have a glass of wine.
Ken Olsen: But
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: No, no, no. Know what that is right. What that's your addiction trying to reel you back in
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: All those all those even in remember that when you start having them. You know what I mean. Because that's exactly what it is.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: He's got one job.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And that job student to really back in and take you out.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And you're worth a lot more than that.
Ken Olsen: Yeah, you're right, you're right.
Ken Olsen: I know I just thought I'd be honest with you.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's exactly
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It. Thank you.
Ken Olsen: I have been Google wants to go more in jail.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And we'll come back and say none.
Ken Olsen: No pain. You're nowhere nowhere, you know, nowhere.
Ken Olsen: So much scan of the grapes and a lot of good healthy cholesterol in him.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So there's a piece of it that says, Is it just because of boredom.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And
Ken Olsen: I think it does nothing to do with boredom, because I don't, I'm not going to my meetings anymore. It kind of had a schedule, you know,
Ken Olsen: I was actually looking forward to go my meeting. So by looking forward to go my meetings I think about that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, well,
Ken Olsen: So now that I my whole schedules different
Ken Olsen: And I'm trying to find things to do. Everything's fixed the house and learning done clean
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, what about your grandbaby or your daughter.
Oh, yeah.
Ken Olsen: Yeah, they're coming over tomorrow for the BBQ
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh, good. No.
No.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: No, they are
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Words are they accessible to you.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: To be able to connect with them when you are in that I'm thinking of ways that you can still be protected, but also get contact with people. You know what I mean when you're in that mindset.
Ken Olsen: I have no credit cards and money in my pocket helps to
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, of course.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's got to be
Ken Olsen: There at the end. I was applying for credit card and get
Ken Olsen: Actually
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's always fun, huh.
Ken Olsen: This is
Ken Olsen: A
Ken Olsen: While ago
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Who else can you can you connect with when you are having those thoughts.
Ken Olsen: Sponsor my cousin. He said, always call me, you know,
Ken Olsen: I was just googling shit, I'm not gonna go on it, you know.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well,
Boredom
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And that's, you know, that's definitely a scary or a slippery slope for us to be. And when we're bored is when our addiction really comes into our brain and had gives us those thoughts. You know what I mean.
Ken Olsen: It's doing the same, you know, smoking.
No.
Ken Olsen: No.
Ken Olsen: Oh no, really, this reminds me of where I was. But he's all right. No, he doesn't. He's okay. He has a job.
Ken Olsen: It's not like me, trust me.
Ken Olsen: When I do something I go all out.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: All or nothing. No.
Ken Olsen: one's good 10s better
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yep.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, but you just remember, you know, when you if you have those thoughts can remember that one is too many. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's got to be a powerful thought inside your head when
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know when your addiction is trying to feed you the information about, you know, wine, and it. You know what I mean. Yeah. Just got to remember and keep that in the forefront of your brain is that, you know, one is too many
Ken Olsen: Excuse me, Your letter.
Ken Olsen: I thought you were somebody else but
Ken Olsen: I'm listening.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's important that
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's important that you know we combat those thoughts that come into your head when they happen.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know what I mean.
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Definitely and you identify that that's exactly what's going on is that you're in this you know battle mentally when those thoughts come in your head.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, so there's got to be ways that we can combat them so that you you don't take that risk because it is a risk, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Google, you know, I don't care what Google says, your body has a mind of its own.
Ken Olsen: Yeah.
You know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And so when Google might tell you that, you know, there's a certain type of wine that's better than the rest, but your body might say, Oh, no.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know. Yeah, you too important. Then you've got grandbabies to to be a part of their life. They need you.
Ken Olsen: Know, right, yeah.
You know,
Ken Olsen: You know, you know, I'm on my child now but you know
Ken Olsen: We start here, not
Ken Olsen: Here. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, you are here.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, you're probably more present now than what you have been in a long time, and especially with drinking and I know that
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: you're grabbing your grandbaby and your, you know, your kids, your daughter. I know that they appreciate that and love that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know,
Ken Olsen: We all just fine. So
Ken Olsen: Good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And maybe it boredom, because you can you identify Andy anything underlying that you want to numb from
Ken Olsen: What's that now.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Can you identify anything else that you may want to numb yourself.
Ken Olsen: From myself from
Ken Olsen: Yeah, um, you know, my mom died. You know, I didn't
Ken Olsen: Know I pretty well as was drunk. The whole damn time, you know,
Ken Olsen: Morgan were left yet.
Ken Olsen: Oh,
Ken Olsen: Really
Ken Olsen: Okay, yeah. When my mom passed away. But you know what I think about, it's almost been two years so
Ken Olsen: I think I'm over that. Yeah, I feel sorry for my dad.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
You know,
And
Ken Olsen: I know me, you know, we were pretty close. Me and my mom.
Ken Olsen: Yeah we uh we watch Fox News together. We talked about politics and
Ken Olsen: She just watch Fox News all day.
Ken Olsen: Oh yeah, she was dying for like the last
Ken Olsen: I'd say 510 years of alive. She was pretty much stuck at the house and had a pacemaker and
Ken Olsen: You know I cooked a lot for your money by smoke. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, you're not supposed to but
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, are you wait did it tell us, did the Dr. Terry is supposed to quit smoking, too.
Ken Olsen: Yeah yeah
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Are you thinking about trying to quit or
Ken Olsen: We made a date march 31 end of the month.
Ken Olsen: And I got two boxes of patches.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Perfect.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Definitely
Ken Olsen: It's gonna be tough, but I think I could do it. I don't know shit.
Ken Olsen: Becomes becomes Johnny Law. Tell me, get off property with the cigarettes.
Yeah.
Ken Olsen: All right.
Ken Olsen: Now moving on to property. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So just a recap with your, you know, losing your mom, she might have passed away two years ago. But if you were under the influence you.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Numb yourself to the process, the grieving process and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So if it, if it comes up and you start having these feelings which is perfectly perfectly natural.
Your
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Feel them.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's gonna be uncomfortable, you know what I mean. But just walk
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Through them.
Ken Olsen: Grave put some flowers on it like a week or two ago I got a little choked up
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Good.
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's important.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know,
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And I know it sucks because nobody wants to feel nobody definitely wants to, you know, go through that stuff. But we have to in order to cleanse ourselves. And I don't think we ever heal from losing somebody I think we learned to live without them next to us, you know,
Ken Olsen: Well, she was a spiritual person. And so my. So when I look at it using a better place. No.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: No, no, that's definitely a good way to look at it.
Ken Olsen: You know well
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, so what I want to know is what you're willing to commit to if you start having those thoughts again.
Ken Olsen: What am I gonna do
Ken Olsen: Yeah, think of anything. But think about it. You know, I think, you know, now that I know I'm not going to probably do it anymore. You know, I just played them with my phone so
Ken Olsen: I don't know. I know I'm fooling myself. That's nice. I can admit that you know I
Ken Olsen: Mean like for myself, like, Oh, I can have a glass of wine. You know, I'm fooling myself and I know it so
Ken Olsen: No.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, that's your disease, trying to pull you back.
Ken Olsen: Yeah, so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know what I mean.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: All of those thoughts that come into our brain, I believe, and this is my perception again and and the way that I define addiction and how we deal with it is that it's, you know, really another voice in our head and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know the struggle is real mentally. It really is.
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And people you know a lot of people that I work with, they understand the concept because when they get those thoughts in their head. You know what I mean when they're trying so hard to be sober. Where did they come from and why are they just popping in there.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, um,
Ken Olsen: Well, because it
Ken Olsen: Just means that had changed you get, you know, and everything's you know
Ken Olsen: I think the less boring.
Ken Olsen: But
Ken Olsen: I don't know. I can handle the boredom. All right, I'm gonna figure something out.
Ken Olsen: I can stay alive.
Yeah.
Sure.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Like
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Just do me a favor and commit to do one thing. If you have those thoughts like
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: call somebody or
Ken Olsen: I mean, I'm sorry. Go ahead.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I said, do me a favor and make one commitment.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: With me on what you will do if you start having those thoughts again.
Ken Olsen: I'll just go, I just go out for a bike ride or something.
Ken Olsen: You know, probably text my my sponsors on
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, and that's a firm commitment.
Ken Olsen: Yeah yeah
Ken Olsen: Yes, yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, okay, good, because you know that secrets. Keep you sick. So if you don't get it out in the universe and get out of you. You know what I mean. It can build but
Ken Olsen: I'll tell you what, man.
Ken Olsen: I made a promise to myself. I wouldn't drink as long as my dad's life.
Ken Olsen: Because he wants me to quit drinking and I promised my would so
Ken Olsen: It.
Ken Olsen: Won't be the lives that will keep me sober for now.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well that's all we got is for now. We never know what's gonna happen in the future so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I think it's a great commitment.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, yeah.
Ken Olsen: So I told myself that I said I want to make it longer. My dad was so if he was 100 well
Ken Olsen: I don't know.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You'll be server them.
Ken Olsen: I'll be over.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, good, good, good. I'm glad.
Ken Olsen: You know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Hmm.
Ken Olsen: That's awesome. I quit. So I quit.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Good. So you've been feeling okay
Ken Olsen: Yeah yeah
Ken Olsen: Yeah, okay.
Okay.
Ken Olsen: Your, your eyeballs.
Ken Olsen: You know what happened.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Let me see your eyeballs.
Oh,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It is 129
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You're, you've got to get back in there and a few minutes in.
Ken Olsen: 29 no
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Sorry 1229 my time. Oh.
Ken Olsen: So what are you, what are you Pacific he, what are you
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, I AM Pacific Standard
Ken Olsen: Okay. So, okay, I'm in California. Okay, so my appointments at 115 but I gotta be there.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay.
Ken Olsen: My last one.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, well, I won't keep you, but I want you to know that this is our are a lot of time.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So,
Ken Olsen: I wrote, I wrote it down in my hands.
Ken Olsen: You can see the numbers. I got it. Can you see my hand.
Ken Olsen: Yeah, look at all these numbers I got written all over my hand.
Ken Olsen: Trying to get things done, you know, she says.
Ken Olsen: That's you, and
Ken Olsen: ID numbers and numbers and other numbers. Yes, I'm trying
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I know you are
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, thank thank you for that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: The other way.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, so you get to your appointment and I will see you, same time, same place next week.
Ken Olsen: Yes.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And you've made a commitment with me and
Ken Olsen: I'll do something to get on like
call somebody
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: To go out with your grandbaby Yeah, take your bike ride going out with you and be
Ken Olsen: Looking around for a barbecue tomorrow, so that's gonna keep my mind occupied till then, and after. Yeah.
Ken Olsen: Thanks cool there so far.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, so in between now and next week. If anything pops up that you start struggling with that you need to talk. Call the virtual clinic and have them get in touch with me. Okay.
Ken Olsen: Okay.
So no
Ken Olsen: Numbers on my phone now. Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: All right, can
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I will talk to you later. Have a great day. Okay.
Ken Olsen: Thank you baby.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Bye Bye bye.